Math the second function we talk about is interaction.
And here instead of having a linear velocity we're going to have nagging people and you're city and
you have to specify that a lot.
And so here I specify that these values really in degree because by interests all angles are Ingredion
But of course as human we understand more degrees.
So I'm way to put the balance in degrees and then I would convert them to radian later on.
And we have to specify also the direction of rotation whether it is clockwise or anticlockwise.
So remember that clockwise means negate the angular velocity.
OK.
And anticlockwise means positive angular velocity.
This is the convention or the sign of the velocity with respect to the direction of rotation.
So first of all I'm going to impart or to get the value of the yoke.
What is a global variable.
And I'm going to initialize Christmas's everything will be 0 initially and then we have to set the velocity
by converting this one ingredient is in Mediterraneans the way I am doing this because Russ only considers
angles and angular speed in radius.
So I'm going just to convert this angular speed degree into the radius and then depending on whether
it is clockwise or not clockwise or going either to set a negative value or clockwise and if it is not
clockwise we're going to set positive value for the angular speed.
And then he says the underworld is equal to zero we specify our plate and we create a velocity published
on the topic.
Total 1 cm.
And of course the type of message is this.
So the idea here is that I'm going to calculate the angle based on the equation of angular speed multiplied
by the time.
OK if I multiply the time or liberation by the angular speed I can determine the intent.
And so here you can see we have no way to make a single state.
So when we publish a message and the velocity message.
OK we'll take an angular velocity Z either positive or negative depending on whether it is clockwise
or counterclockwise.
And then I would calculate that couldn't you.
So remember that they have calculated zero before going to the wind.
So this is the time before starting the rotation.
Then every time loop executes I'm going to calculate the new type will get you on.
And then I can find the duration by making you at minus zero.
Multiply by the angular speed degree.
By the way this is not the best way on how to calculate the rotation.
It's not the proper rate but later on in my next course I'm going to show how to calculate it I'm going
to use the package or what we call transformations in the US and this is very important package that
allows you not even to calculate rotation but also the distance moved translations.
It can calculate both translations and rotations.
This is going to be a little bit advanced but here for sake of simplicity we're going to use this very
simple formula that is the multiplication of the angler's multiplied by the duration.
And finally we calculate the current angle using this equation and we compare the current angle in degrees
with relative and then that you want to move here.
It can as parameter and if it is greater than the relative and the desired we're going to bring Richard.
And then we exit the while loop.
And finally we published the velocity so that the rocket is going to stop immediately so we can try
this function again.
I'm going to stop move here.
That's making the robot rotating So here I'm going to choose 30 degrees per second as the rotation speed.
This is the desired angle.
It's going to be 90 degrees.
So in principle it should rotate.
All of these under three seconds and he'll falls anti-clockwise.
So it's going to move into the left that action right in this one.
So you can see it's moving in the left direction anti-clockwise and it's going to stop in 90 degrees.
After 30 seconds I can replace this was five through.
Are you going to do the same.
But in the opposite direction as you observe.
So this is a routine function.
Now we talk about another force that is will go to go location.